assalamu aleikum wa rahmatullah wa
barakato
group Group ISM and sectarianism is one
of the main challenges within the Muslim
community the Quran says what awesome
will be happened in Lehi Jemmy annual a
tough arauco hold tight to the Rope of
Allah and do not become disunited one of
the main groups that facilitates a
disunity is the Salafi publications this
is at least the allegation we'll be
talking about this and more things which
are quite severe today with dr. Hopp
Quebec Abdul Haq Baker dr. Abdul Haq
Baker is a professor in political
sciences who has published a book on
extremism and is notable in the
community he will be shedding light on
his interactions with this group the
subgroup that claim to be Salafi and as
a result of that claim consider other
people other Muslims to be innovators
and treat them with a high level of
disrespect what will be unraveled in
this discussion is some frankly quite
hard claims that are made against this
group regarding how they interact with
not only Muslim people generally but
that how they may be exploiting certain
vulnerable Muslims in the community
including women it's important that
Muslims and non-muslims alike are aware
of this not only because it shows that
were being self reflective in a greater
Muslim community sense but because
people do need to be warned against the
excesses and the exploitative practices
of such group members for this reason
this interview with a black Baker where
he attempts to actually provide
evidences which will be providing the
disc
books is an important one for UK Muslims
and Salafis in particular who interact
with other selfies and might be at risk
of potential harm from both an
ideological perspective and from on a
pragmatic level so we'll go straight
into the interview and I want you to
your own words describe what Salafism or
sell a few Dowell what does it mean to
you salaphi Dow means referring to the
illustrious times of death to harbor the
Sahaba companions of the profits of the
Lycian and the succeeding two
generations because if these were the
errors that were attested to by the
promises that must be in the best
so salafiyyah salafism references that
and authenticity that emanates from that
particular period as well as the
methodology in disseminating
understanding and contextualizing the
practice of Islam right so now what
people find is that a lot of people call
themselves Salafi and they ascribed
particular groups and sects in your
understanding is this what you make of
Salafism will sell a few down no because
Salafi Dawa salafism is not a set or a
group contrary to common academic
perspectives are being put out
concerning it there is no group in the
sense that you have to belong and have
membership to an organisation the
description to the seller and not only
the description just lip service but in
your character in your application in
your approach in your interaction in
Deen and dunya these are the elements
that showed that that ascription is
actually being embodied by that
particular individual right so now I'm
coming more into like the UK context and
the Dower that has been done in the UK
the propagation of islam through a
Salafi lens if you like my question now
is with your interaction with different
Salafi groups well you found generally
to be the case in terms of groupers and
insects
up until a particular point in the
nineties when I could be gangs in 1990
up to the mid 90s there was uniformity
and there was one main organization Jim
asked a mechanic moujik Minh had a Sunna
which was consolidating the body of
Muslims in a sense in his in his own way
it was a hit and we gradually moved away
from that but there was unity on the on
the whole with the Muslims and the Dow
art was being spread engaging across
universities with the wider Muslim
populace and people genuinely liked the
message of Sophia and the behavior of
the selfies at that time there was that
excessiveness to an extent but we were
out looking and embracing that changed
when we saw I will say in the West for
the first time the emergence of a cult
so what is this cult would you link it
directly with the silicon publications
and what would you say this actually
this division took place this division
is very good and putting in question it
refers to sell a few publications who
emerged on the 8th at the end of the
fracturing of Jameson the members of Jim
Adler and I would say personally a key
proponent and a key
I'd say aspect of that emergence was to
do with an individual who then joined
the ranks of the Salafis of the wire
Allah Hubble Khadijah hmm
and towards the end of 95 and especially
in 1996 we saw movements and read
consolidation of some of the former
members of Hamas around and behind Apple
Khadija and this was something
surprising because I didn't know where
he came from many of us didn't know
where he emanated from he wasn't on
Serafina or even existing as a selfie in
the early part of the 90s as we were
writing and the further wouldn't sell if
he publications in the initial stage
they called themselves ASIS
well that's contrary to what he says in
one voice not that we've picked up from
him online where he says that he was
maybe upon Salafi own his own words from
the earth from the late 80s early 90s
all that footage that you you picked up
he claimed that he was Salafi from 1988
and that he was learning from students
of knowledge who were going to the
scholars I will say categorically that's
a lie in 1992-1993 his brother
approached a balloon Tasya the head
optimist asked him if some brothers
could give dower to his brother Abu
Khadijah after white because he was on
the quote jihadi wipe following what was
taking place in Bosnia what does that
mean exactly what did you did you see
any kind of extremism
well for the understanding that the
jihadi bride was one of attack Theory
karate boy and it was his brother and
brought that to the individuals and I
know individuals who went and gave him
dower they've communicated with me
directly
we were amongst that group who
communicated with him gave him dower and
then he started coming to the Salafi way
right and so his breaking away from the
main body of Saladin as it were and
making his own group up and actually
sign up as a company changing into a
charity getting funds from government
getting funds from the general public
you're saying that was a pivotal turning
point and 1996 was a year yes you can
report with the Oasis conference in what
they did is most of the known speakers
from selfie earn groups sensitive group
Hamas including sheiks of paper they
produce a paper Sonya they put all our
names on a poster saying there was going
to be a conference we'll put this poster
ah yes it's all put the poster in the
description box and or you'll be seeing
it here and what's interesting about
that I poster when you look at the
lineup there are two columns and you'll
see the - why the sheiks our home yeah
so much Nicholas I'm happy going down
after Rahim green individuals like this
will saw my house I'm from Queens now
all Quilliam the next column started
with my name at the top but and you'll
see the Abba Khadijah and I'm get Rafiq
were further down on the second column
indicative of their significance I know
this was in feigning piety to to try
shall we
we caught my name's at the top because
we're not so renowned alumnus to our to
that particular time but your name was
on this as well my name was on the
beginning of the second contract so they
didn't tell me about this they didn't
notify a number of you so you can your
name was on it I mean you don't nobody
know about it when I saw this I
considered it as many of my colleagues
in Brixton this was a Power Move that
they were making you soon claimed
ascendancy and I said I will not even
attend the conference what you're
effectively saying is that they tried to
grab market share from the seller for
community yes to get everyone from all
these other yes right to come to their
group and so that they can kind of break
away with them yes and this is the thing
it's interesting you use the term
breakaway because there you have since
that time until now light to the
scholars saying the individuals are
attacking the seller fees then and are
breaking away and splitting from them
when the actuality as you proceed down
the years and the evidence has been
produced by myself and some of my own
podcasting and such like you'll see that
while the name of the clock Chronicles
of UK Salafism right and then the more
specific documented things that I've
been doing for about two years now
cultures tendencies so they'll be in the
description box for those who won't
watch and in those you'll see the
breaking of agreements which they
accused others off but it was them who
continually did not and consistently did
not adhere to agreement
what sort of weight on them is there any
evidence of that yes so for example one
of this one of the agreements that was
quite public was the one in 1999 yes
between the seller the seller fees in
Brixton and Luton on the one hand and
then you had those in Birmingham and a
model B personality was was there as one
of the the arbitrator as you can see all
the judges could you tell us a little
bit more about that agreement what
happened that how how was that kind of
reformulated utter right very very good
question in 1999 a Bahasa and mattre be
assumed a man he was called and
Matra because at Newton Yemen he became
very well known due to a sitting that he
had with check out of an Amish a fella
banging at the time now there was
excitement about the level of knowledge
that they were hearing in the industry
sex and it was being translated to us so
he was invited to the UK we invited into
a return to in conference in Brixton and
he accepted their own invitation when he
came to the masculine we were ready to
explain the program we received a phone
call from a mother ship who was a Medina
student and Farouk since passed away
Rome a lot from East London they
insisted on coming the seniors ship they
came in to visit the the Sheikh and we
were like they gatecrash them for in the
Sheikh said no I'm your guest let me see
who I want to see and they came in a
very pompous letter we are from self few
publications we want to sit with you to
ask if you will arbitrate in a matter
that dispute we have between Newton I
didn't mention us between Birmingham and
Newton and they start their letter
started words of praise from de Scarlett
Escada discard that's why I say pompous
Allen haff then agreed and said he will
sit and preside over that affair they
should bring their evidences he made
time for them he changed the whole
program with the conference and we were
bit disheartened about that and when he
listened to Luton he said I see Brixton
as having similar grievances you haven't
complained but you are closer to Luton
new to a one-party
Birmingham or another party after
process of arbitration getting to the
point he sat and he gave
he's decisive ruling on the affair wave
shakes an American ally and doctor
Giovanni was there with him and they
were 26 I believe points and they gave
those points but then they contacted
Sheikh Rabia and said we want you to
read these points about mathematically
we wanted you to read these points and
confirm whether you find them acceptable
and you agree with them you have any
evidence for this I have the original
agreement Arabic I have the translation
from dr. G Bailey and I have the audio
when Sheikh when when abu hassun
sat and read out the points with both
parties gathered at that time so I'll
put on the description course
Arabic in English yes and if you want
the audio it's quite grainy but you can
still hear our model has some speaking
at that time is it's coincidental
because on that day and I don't say this
such is the cowardice of these
individuals our Khadija had excused
himself and I believe he generally
genuinely was travelling to Kuwait to
see our Ana's but he'd written to or
given a message to other Hasan to say
that he does you will not be there but
he will abide by whatever agreement was
there and I would have sent fainted that
Joaquin was there Mirada desert yeah I'm
a bishop so what happened now when they
wrote the agreement they fasted to shake
Rabia he was on the phone I left the
Brixton office cuz we couldn't receive
faxes we could send faxes and I went to
the highroad there was a Muslim hardware
store for spunky I called the brothers
I'm coming with giving you a number for
fat shake Rodney's Denise ending effects
I received a fax personally I don't
speak Arabic so I can't say what was in
there and everything I walked back
handed it to Hassan Sheikh see me it was
still on the fun to shake regret then
they break it up and it was they confirm
the shake foot rub he confirmed his
endorsement and acceptance and yummier
that's their shake Robbie's original
handwritten note with his signatures as
well and what happened thereafter
clearly there was upset by one sight
bourbon in sight and after Mohammed
Sheikh Salim asked us to come out to the
conference audience and give a few words
to say that in general words were given
about slaw and coming together with
brothers beloved aims I've got that
cassette as well if you want me to send
giving you that everyone spoke but they
shortly afterwards we heard about Mirada
chapters Josiah was one of it was one of
them from Manchester who they likened to
that Ali Medini of the UK this is what
they said about him it was fine but he
was written off shortly afterwards by
them as well and he went to Saudi and he
met sheikh Robert and basically it was
the process of then undoing the
agreement and to our surprise Sheikh
Robby reneged
and canceled his endorsement of the
agreement all of this yeah I saw him
when you saw that we were very surprised
jordania shook of a surprise but because
he this was the for us he had the
ability to do that yes because everyone
would look to shake Robbie over these
Affairs and the Jordanians were close to
shake Robbie at the time as well so when
we saw this we thought we know we've had
any choice but to say we are no longer
with this agreement but until this day
now and probably after this recording
and interview with yourself we may have
angiography doctor and let the feet
coming back with these pages of
reputation other than how cool to be
sitting at little bit touches up this is
I think you know what we're gonna talk
about I'm gonna feel right now it every
moving in just a second finish this
point because we need to know war what
these characters not individuals who
actually who facilitated this breakaway
and who in your in your understanding
facilitative of this cult yes well at
the helm was Abu Khadijah of the why
they laugh about how King Billy Davis
use of Bowers and génifique these were
main protagonists and going on this you
mentioned some of the antagonists of
buildings ahead of a Hadiya Bill Davis
who's full Davis and a few so could you
tell us what the level of training and
qualification is in the Islamic Sciences
very rudimentary if that and I'm not
professing diverse students knowledge no
in another academic field yes but let's
start with Bill and Davis Paul Davis
Apple hockey a blacking felled in Medina
University on a number of occasions okay
repointing kept trying reapply I'm gonna
being out there with warmer up on one
occasion and meeting him and the
brothers told me he's reapplying yet
again to get back into University and he
felt so unless he's got any
qualifications after that he's Arabic
was quite good and from what I
understood from those who know
and heard his Harbach and listen to he
was good in these proficient in Arabic
but he didn't graduate like a number of
them I don't actually know in myself I
did you try and babble Khadija I believe
was got a degree in teaching and not
much else other than that I'm genifique
from the point of academia and he's
quite a good scientist yes he's got I
believe he's got a PhD in biochemistry
and I actually read a very good paper
and it's unfortunate as I read this
paper when he was criticizing me for
speaking from the realm of academia but
he wrote a very good paper with two
months limb academics on pasteurized
milk so from that perspective I said in
one of my series that he should stick to
his lane remain in his lane about
pasteurized milk and I suppose that I
would say this in respectful of
disrespectful way if he knows about
regurgitation okay and if that's his
Lane then I call him according to what
he specialises in it the milkshake so
that's his speciality so there's no miss
lemon no but we know that he's an avid
keyboard warrior and warrior from the
pages that even these people why do they
not come out to the public realm and
face the public I mean you only hear I
mean
rarely do you see videos of those
individuals you hear voice notes you see
pages that they've written and put up on
you know their Twitter feeds on up you
don't actually see them coming up what
is the reason for that I would say
amongst leadership you will see one to
cowardice
amongst the leaders and you'll see an
element of house Negro ISM from those
who follow I will Khadija as lackeys
which is which is unfortunate or
fortunate what I would say though and
say to qualify now I'm not speaking
about some of the followers of the cult
because many of them are sincere yes
many of them any Muslims my PhD talks
about stages of development with regards
to youthful foundational stages and
we published it yeah it might be at
least published yes the boss called
discreteness in them it's confronting
terror attack and empty shower and so I
talked about those stages so you can see
that they're the very beginning
rudimentary stage that many of us must
have gone through when we converted to
Islam or when we reverted as the
second-generation Muslim third
generation will spin so I don't include
them when I'm talking at this level of
critiquing yeah well we're not speaking
about the leader mr. Bishop it's
unfettered Hammami is another individual
who's got his PhD I think he studied he
did it on TAS tier of Quran in this
instance he studied and supervisors yes
one of the supervisors was a specialist
in eroticism and translated a book from
Tartine see who's a rafflesia and so but
I hit this and our research and my
colleagues research and he's written
something like 50 pages about Abdul
Allah and in my series called silence of
the Lamb and I bring this evidence yes
and so we say why he was involved in
some controversy surrounding raisins
knows that as well
yes surrounding and Omar was here
talking about you know keep up the
comply all of that yes
yeah saying that they're not actually in
1996-97 when I went on Omar and I met
Abdullah there there he was working in
the school dharmaiah which I
subsequently worked in got a job and
worked in afterwards I remember him
studying with student calls from Sri
Lanka called yeah yes in me and that
student was teaching something that was
very doubt for them worrying but I've
didn't there had embraced that because
he came to me and showed me an open the
first page of a book from shaken sangmi
and pointed to the introduction in
arabic again insan' he told me he read
it in Arabic and he said shaken save me
and he referred to shake him in bars I'm
not selling food they are Hamburg and I
have challenged him even shake Robbie's
house in 2002
when we had to meet for another slap and
I said I'm going to bring to shake a rug
beer what you said about the key Bart
Willem are that they will not sell a few
no she wasn't been saying this for for
them this is a big disgrace to say
something like that yes and he went
paler than usual and put his head down
and said I was very foolish at that time
but that doesn't suffice as a
recantation right and to date I will
continue to say to the camera you need
to recount we don't see much recantation
from this group anyway because it's
arrogance yes this is a premise of
arrogance they would rather disparage
shoe York as we've seen that they've
done and if I can say for the record
rather Mohamed many are using the term
that they've dropped many chinook and I
think we need to redress that the shoe
you realized the reality of them and
left them or advise them and as a result
of that they saw it necessary to
disparage those you even going and lying
to the ship that they go to think
they're actually but we don't restrict
to one or two New York and then getting
edicts Ottawa and evidences Egret even
if they were general to disparage Doshi
you could say we've left them because
they were on the sky how many did they
have and how many do they have the last
count that I when I did in one of my
series was around 26 but I'm sure that
they were once with now against them or
not with them okay
now I believe there's just three of them
after what we see is that while we
respect over Lamar we saw from the cult
as I called in my wickedly J's is why I
called them we saw from them that
they're raising of scholars who did not
have official positions other than
teachers for example or seniority to
give fatwa from Saudi Arabia and this
was confusing a number of Salafis who
began to see the shook as the shield the
scholars that you have to go to and you
saw in direct this
iseman of scholars big scholars like
shake up and once enough in that bad we
saw disrespect being meted out to shake
waseela Abbas who had met these
individuals personally in Birmingham and
spoken concerning them
so actually refuted them my name he did
and then you see that Amal Khadijah and
others then felt it upon themselves took
it upon themselves that they could speak
disrespectfully against scholars and you
see that now from one of their longtime
scholars sheikh mohammed bin ali he had
ever worked for 20 years
yes who some of us had disagreements
with and split from because of his he's
favori and listening to them as though
they were the only seller fees and a
clear selling fees among the seller fees
in the West and let's say probably they
laughed so clear that they're
transparent you can see from them that's
as clear as they get so that is what we
saw from them with regards to the
scholars now they are down to not even a
handful scholars now so they praise
excessively and then they and then they
dispraise yes successively as we saw in
the document that I've given to Muhammad
Ali Hasan they called him allama Ali
Hassan has spoken we wait for the latch
not to correct his mistake this document
this is an email Abu Khadijah so it was
challenged they were challenging the
legend of the Energy Council of Saudi
Arabians they see is the ultimate
authority yes and then they quickly this
brazen email 5th of October 2000 from
Hubble Khadija in the groups they
emailed it to and beat both works at lab
ah and Hassan has spoken and this is a
thing that they do then he becomes the
chef tattle cook against for all they
become item take that is removed and it
just become a regular job yeah and this
has another case yes and this is
something that is really strange in
Islam yes
a sheikh is a yeah he loses
knowledge is actually exactly right so
know one thing once otherwise did the
divisive nature of this group you talked
about one of your main
concerns working with the community of a
grassroots level you very well known in
South London for doing that is that this
actually calls family strain family
problems between even husband and wife
we've got reports that elbow khadija for
example would be responsible for the
horses and actually you could say
misplaced you could say you know meddle
with family business yes it's just all
these true rumors I've got first-hand
accounts from X MUX about individuals
who I'm in touch with now now they split
him from his wife so what can you tell
us is this a case study here this is a
case study but I will refer to the one
I've got documentation from right I mean
awaits a student in Modena right and
started getting calls from his wife
because she was being approached from
some of the cult members sisters and
saying that your husband has taken a
position but about the tip in a scholar
right I can't recall which is one of the
big scholars and the husband and it was
a point of for all not my son
there's a big issue here and basically
those sisters were saying that your
husband is not sarahfey and they were
being driven by their husband to do this
and he was writing and the brother who
was an arbitrator came to me and said
can I share this information with you I
didn't know what I could do in that
instance but he shaved and I read the
information and letters from the brother
after communication and he said I want
to speak to uh Khadija how am I not
sarahfey how what are these individuals
doing then he wrote to another brother
my family I do not know where they are
Wow when he went back to the UK to
Birmingham they've been moved from their
home by a provision by the demotic a lot
they've been relocated okay yes from and
he said this is what they have done I
don't know where my wife is
Wow so this was something that was very
serious and I couldn't provide you with
the letters and everything it was
written using an English Bible by the
brother
and as I've set up even communication
with other individuals who have told me
what happened with regards to the occult
to be involved in splitting their wife
from fonda what is the incentive for
this I mean when they do that when they
split their
for example is there is there a marital
incentive did you think that they try
and maybe get married to these women
after they've been divorced or and I
can't say what incentive is yes but then
you do see marriage afterwards to the
most orange member so wait so you're
saying there's a trend of after
separation between someone for example
that they disapprove off that they
themselves would put themselves forward
for or someone who's approved by them
for much yes well that says a lot to be
honest with you and is it what else is
there in terms of incentive what is
driving these individuals to be like
that so divisive and sorry into and
their power and control power and
control yes I know students of knowledge
who have graduated from Wadena living in
Saudi Arabia and you can see that they
are mouthpieces for these individuals
and they're almost scared to interact
with other individuals who are known
seller fees because of what may happen
as a result they may send out general
emails of things that are translated and
I might speak to one or two of them and
they blind copy me and other individuals
in case the girls from the mock sob are
seeing that they're including
individuals who they have issues with
this is this bullying you can only bully
weak people and the bully themselves a
weak as you know and this is a manner
that they've got when more robust
individuals come and confront or speak
not just I'm not talking just about
violence in that instance but when they
know individuals have a bit of
testicular fortitude if you like you
will see them very cautious in that
particular instance um I'll give an
example I want to make sure I'm giving
evidence when Salafi man hatch my
colleagues in Brixton did this booklet
to refute use of Bowers who gave a
revisionist version of Salafi down which
completely false
and he included Brixton in that document
was compiled with research interviews
everything that could be made available
and a visit was made to him to give him
a letter to verify and maybe
draw the revisionists lights that he'd
said on youtube before they launched his
document when they went up to Birmingham
to deliver the letter
I hate seem to have no violence or
anything like this he refused to come
out of his house they asked him to meet
somewhere he said what do you want I
want to give you something and infused
to come I said please deliver it to my
shop of chicken shop or whatever shot
Lee had why do I bring this this is a
trend of these individuals the leaders
and I repeat it's cowardice plain and
simple well you've given us a lot of
information if you've basically showed
us that there have been people that have
been breaking their agreements the
initiators of division division within
family and you've given a case study
example which I'm sure the evidence will
be in the description box you've you've
got chronicles which people can refer to
that outline all of these things in
chronological format with documentation
with documentation as well
I mean documentation from them from that
way I'm not giving things I've just told
you that email from Hubble Khadija noted
the 5th of October 2000
documents from them what now as a final
question my question is what advice
would you give to someone who is stuck
in this in this group in the sect
what would you do Oh kind of us would
you give them maybe they maybe they've
realized these things that you're
talking about and they've had suspicions
of it what is he main kind of
overarching but it gives me my watch and
advice would be that these are a very
small insignificant but loud cut and
they only have to refer to a cult that
emerged in Dessau Arabia with the
juhayman and how they started the one
who tried to overtake the one foeman's
held a harem the madam of the makkah for
siege and how they emerged in the
beginning they had scholars with them
right before they went to their extremes
chez Caliban Sheikh bin bass shake all
sake of shaker and mock me
I mean up in Balad Philippines no
wearing the same skills of the three
first feet I've mentioned but as a
student because he gave a detailed
account of being with them and when they
started pulling away from these
individuals and left them completely and
when you look up but the parallels that
are there you'll see that there's an
extremism behavioral extremism not
violent extremist tap-tap theory you'll
see this of behavioral extremism and
Gulu among this cult in splitting
disparaging and marginalizing anyone who
does not agree with their view and
there's an element of shake worship here
we are Salafi z-- what excessive I would
say in our condemnation of individuals
who follow the map when you say or
worship and you're using in the math for
example sense yeah yeah in the sense
that now you'll see that the type of
blind following they do or shake rub it
nothing a lot it's reprehensible more
reprehensible than those who are
following the mother in form of that now
and this is these individuals who want
to pull away only have to look at that
look at the parallel with a demon and
what happened there look at the
parallels with the blind following that
they are calling to yet condemning
others who are blind for me
well I'm following like usually like you
said people that much more worthy of
being followed them exactly and that's
not to detract I'm not going to comment
on the repute and marrakesh a grubby
easy either big swallow however we know
with Sophia that we do not blindly
adhere to any scholar anyone can be run
just prophet sallal Islip and we have
the precedence of the Imams who have
spoken
I would also say to them once they're
pulled away they have nothing to fear
from these individuals you will see a
regurgitated refutation condemning them
from the milk shake this is what he does
best but it has non bite to it so do not
be afraid of them they are not to be
feared in any shape or form they can go
to us
the last three scholars they have a will
whoever they are and get condemnation of
you if it's untruthful sb11 it monkey
why fear their word or the lies they
tell to scholars to condemn you this
this is my message in my advice and I
say that salafiyyah is not this Salafism
is not this we are salafi x' have some
blame I think generally because we have
been stagnant in our engaging and
embracing the wider Muslim community
seller fear as we said from the outset
is adherence to the first three
generations and the scholars are up on
that way but it's not just lip service
there is there is some work and efforts
that need to be put into that that is
what seller fear is we need to look and
we need to refer to the key bar orlimar
who have the wisdom the insight the
hikmah adhere to them and look out for
those individuals and this is a clear
thing my last one I say look out for
individuals who do not call to
themselves they call to the Dean they do
not call to their group to their
organization they call to the Dean and
they refer you to the key part number
you do that you will not fall this way
or that way with regards to caught ISM
or groups that browbeat you to adhere to
their objectives I'm sure that the
people can reference your book they can
go and see all the evidences it's been
excellent and make in your diet I mean I
will then likewise please discipline ah
thank you what welcomers while it's
inside